As we already saw AT&T had
a huge impact on research, but
what is really surprising
here is we usually associate
such innovations with start ups and
small companies.
Just look at The Lean Launch Pad
movement by Steve Blank and
other leaders from Silicon Valley.
And one of my favorite
versions of Murphy's Law is
the success of a project is inversely
proportional to the funds available.
What is really amazing is AT&T was
a monopoly and a huge bureaucracy.
And while executing
the business aspects perfectly,
they created and fostered innovation and
research in the form of AT&T Bell Labs.
I found this slide.
It's got a lot more things that AT&T and
Bell Labs are credited with.
In the 1980s, in academy conferences,
the conversations in the corridor
were if AT&T stops publishing,
we will all have to do research.
And there's still many scholars trying to
understand how exactly AT&T
managed to pull off so
much research being a bureaucratic and
monopolistic organization.